h1. simple_field

simple_field allows you to write one view and then use that view for both show and create/update action.
To accomplish this, you use the simple_field method in your view (it depends on simple_form) and then
provide two shared views: 

@  shared/_simple_field.haml.html 
  shared/_simple_field_show.haml.html
@
which process the output appropriately.  

h2. Installation

In Rails3, add this to your Gemfile
bq.gem 'simple_field', :git => 'git@github.com:JESii/simple_field.git'
and then run 
bq.bundle install

h2. Getting Started

Once you have installed the gem, define two views (haml, erb, or whatever templating system you are using)
as described above.  Here are examples designed for use with BlueprintCSS, simple_form, and haml that work on my system.
bq..
### shared/_simple_field.haml.html
- form_field = form_field.to_sym
%span{:class => "span-#{lspan}"}
  = f.label form_field
%span{:class => "span-#{fspan} #{last}"}
  - if as.blank? then
    = f.input form_field, :label => false, :input_html => { :class => "form_field", :size => size }
  -else
    = f.input form_field, :as => "#{as.to_sym}", :label => false, :input_html => { :class => "form_field", :size => size }

- form_field = form_field.to_sym
%span{:class => "span-#{lspan}"}
  = f.label form_field
%span{:class => "span-#{fspan} #{last}"}
  -result = f.object.send(form_field)
  -result = '&nbsp;' if result.nil? || result.to_s == ''
  -result = result.to_s.html_safe if result.respond_to? :to_s

h2. Contributing to simple_field
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

h2. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Jon Seidel. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

